README.md, before:

# Project 3 - AnimalTag

## Team Members 
- Alex Rwamashongye 

## Project Description 

This decentralized app (dApp) to take in photos of farm animals and tag them to have the data store in a decentralized manner. Basically an exchange of Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) of animals.  

## Objective 

Develop a smart contract to take in photos as a particular animal id. Allow users to buy, sell, and exchange animals

## Data Sources / Technologies 

- [Open Zeppelin](https://openzeppelin.com/contracts/)
- [Chainlink](https://chain.link/)

## Breakdown of Tasks 
- Figure out the connection between uers, NFTS, and the blockchain protocol (e.g. if a farmer needs to buy FARM coin and stake on the network, is it useful?)
- Draft an outline of features and functions to be implemented. 
    - Import photos 
    - Buy, send or trade animal NFTs 
- Create the smart contract. 
- Test the contract on testnetwork or on localhost to debug and understand the contract logic. 
- Create a UI that can be accessed. 
    - If time allows, create a UI that is mobile-friendly. 
- Create demo for presentation and slide deck discussing project. 
- Extra: create graphics and "investor pitch."

Commit message:

Solidity smart contracts in /contracts.

README.md, after:

# AnimalTag 


## Project Description 

This is decentralized app (dApp) to digitially "tag" animals. Instead of using physical brandings or tags, the end-user (e.g. a farmer or rancher) can take a photo of their animals and 

## Objective 

The objective of this project is to create a decentralized application (dApp) that can be used to tag and track animals humanely. In contrast to physically tagging or branding animals, AnimalTag would allow end-users the abilitity to track their animals through photo and genetic record on the blockchain. Transfer of ownership is clear cut as 

## Technologies 
- [Solidity](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.4/)
- [Open Zeppelin](https://openzeppelin.com/contracts/)
- [Pinata](https://pinata.cloud/)
- [Chainlink](https://chain.link/)*         


## Running the Project 

1. Most of the programming can be done in the Remix IDE as it allows for virtual compilation and can be used with various EVM sandboxes. ![](./Screenshots/deployedContract_addAnimalFunction.PNG)

2. Contract is based around three primary functions: `addAnimal()`, `transferFrom()` and `removeAnimal()`. ![](./Screenshots/deployedContract_callingTokenID.PNG)

## Future Development 

3. *@TODO*: interface Solidity code with Python/Web3 or Node.js.
